README.md, before:

<div align=center>

<h1>frontendaese</h1>

**frontendaese** is a personal portfolio website inspired by Visual Studio Code.

![frontendaese Preview](/src/assets/preview.png)

</div>

## Languages

_Read this in other languages: [English](README.md), [Bahasa](README.id.md)._

## Table of Contents

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Demo](#demo)
- [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
- [Features](#features)
- [License](#license)
- [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)

## Introduction

Welcome to **frontendaese**, a personal portfolio website designed to showcase my skills and projects. Inspired by the look and feel of Visual Studio Code, this portfolio acts like an Integrated Development Environment (IDE), providing a unique and interactive experience for visitors.

## Demo

- **[Demo]**

## Tech Stack

<div align=center>

![React](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SAWARATSUKI/KawaiiLogos/main/React/React.png)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)
![Framer Motion](https://img.shields.io/badge/Framer_Motion-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=framer&logoColor=blue)

</div>

## Features

- **IDE-like Interface**: Designed to act like an integrated development environment (IDE), especially Visual Studio Code, providing an intuitive and familiar user experience.
- **Tabbed Navigation**: Features a dynamic tabbed navigation system where tabs can be easily added, closed, and reordered through drag-and-drop interactions.

## License

frontendaese is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

## Acknowledgments

- **[SAWARATSUKI]** Thanks for providing such a Kawaii Logo

[comment]: <> (LINK VARIABLE)
[SAWARATSUKI]: https://github.com/SAWARATSUKI
[demo]: https://frontendaese.de

Commit message:

chore: add new feature Terminal with description README.md/README.id.md

README.md, after:

<div align=center>

<h1>frontendaese</h1>

**frontendaese** is a personal portfolio website inspired by Visual Studio Code.

![frontendaese Preview](/src/assets/preview.png)

</div>

## Languages

_Read this in other languages: [English](README.md), [Bahasa](README.id.md)._

## Table of Contents

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Demo](#demo)
- [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
- [Features](#features)
- [License](#license)
- [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)

## Introduction

Welcome to **frontendaese**, a personal portfolio website designed to showcase my skills and projects. Inspired by the look and feel of Visual Studio Code, this portfolio acts like an Integrated Development Environment (IDE), providing a unique and interactive experience for visitors.

## Demo

- **[Demo]**

## Tech Stack

<div align=center>

![React](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SAWARATSUKI/KawaiiLogos/main/React/React.png)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)
![Framer Motion](https://img.shields.io/badge/Framer_Motion-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=framer&logoColor=blue)

</div>

## Features

- **IDE-like Interface**: Designed to act like an integrated development environment (IDE), especially Visual Studio Code, providing an intuitive and familiar user experience.
- **Tabbed Navigation**: Features a dynamic tabbed navigation system where tabs can be easily added, closed, and reordered through drag-and-drop interactions.
- **Terminal**: Terminal with essential commands such as `help`, `clear`, `exit`, `echo`, `ls`, `sudo`, `about`, `readme`, `repo`, and more. The Terminal can be toggled open/close using the keyboard shortcut Ctrl/⌘ + `.

## License

frontendaese is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

## Acknowledgments

- **[SAWARATSUKI]** Thanks for providing such a Kawaii Logo

[comment]: <> (LINK VARIABLE)
[SAWARATSUKI]: https://github.com/SAWARATSUKI
[demo]: https://frontendaese.de
